Discovery API: update docs (#3894)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/discovery-use-cases-and-examples.md

<details>
<summary>Example query</summary>

The API returns full identifier information (`database.schema.alias`) and the `executionInfo` for both the most recent run and most recent successful run from the database:

```graphql
query ($environmentId: BigInt!, $first: Int!) {
  environment(id: $environmentId) {
    applied {
      models(first: $first) {
        edges {
          node {
            uniqueId
            compiledCode
            database
            schema
            alias
            materializedType
            executionInfo {
              executeCompletedAt
              lastJobDefinitionId
              lastRunGeneratedAt
              lastRunId
              lastRunStatus
              lastRunError
              lastSuccessJobDefinitionId
              runGeneratedAt
              lastSuccessRunId
            }
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

</details>

### What happened with my job run?

You can query the metadata at the job level to review results for specific runs. This is helpful for historical analysis of deployment performance or optimizing particular jobs.

:::caution

> dbt Labs is making changes to the Discovery API to support multi-cell environment. These changes will take effect on September 7, 2023. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dbt Labs is making changes to the Discovery API to support multi-cell environments. These changes will take effect on September 7, 2023. 
```

<details>
<summary>Example query</summary>

The API returns full identifier information (`database.schema.alias`) and the `executionInfo` for both the most recent run and most recent successful run from the database:

```graphql
query ($environmentId: BigInt!, $first: Int!) {
  environment(id: $environmentId) {
    applied {
      models(first: $first) {
        edges {
          node {
            uniqueId
            compiledCode
            database
            schema
            alias
            materializedType
            executionInfo {
              executeCompletedAt
              lastJobDefinitionId
              lastRunGeneratedAt
              lastRunId
              lastRunStatus
              lastRunError
              lastSuccessJobDefinitionId
              runGeneratedAt
              lastSuccessRunId
            }
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

</details>

### What happened with my job run?

You can query the metadata at the job level to review results for specific runs. This is helpful for historical analysis of deployment performance or optimizing particular jobs.

:::caution

> dbt Labs is making changes to the Discovery API. These changes will take effect on August 15, 2023. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dbt Labs is making changes to the Discovery API. These changes will take effect on September 7, 2023. 
```

<VersionBlock firstVersion="1.6">

### Which metrics are available?

> Metric definitions are coming soon to the Discovery API with dbt v1.6. You’ll be able to query metrics using the dbt Semantic Layer, use them for documentation purposes (like for a data catalog), and calculate aggregations (like in a BI tool that doesn’t query the SL).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define and query metrics using the [dbt Semantic Layer](/docs/build/about-metricflow), use them for documentation purposes (like for a data catalog), and calculate aggregations (like in a BI tool that doesn’t query the SL). To learn more, refer to [Get started with MetricFlow](/docs/build/sl-getting-started).
```

<VersionBlock firstVersion="1.6">

### Which metrics are available?

> Metric definitions are coming soon to the Discovery API with dbt v1.6. You’ll be able to query metrics using the dbt Semantic Layer, use them for documentation purposes (like for a data catalog), and calculate aggregations (like in a BI tool that doesn’t query the SL).

Reviewer: with the release of v1.6, isn't "Metric definitions are coming soon to the Discovery API with dbt v1.6." now stale?
